How many ways are there to execute collections?
-----------------------------------------------------
1->Run locally with cmd prom
Here we have to install newman?
pre reqisite for newman :nodejs +npm

Install these component by 
newman
newman-reposter-html
 
TO   install new man
npm install- -g newman
nmp install -g newman-reporter-html

After installation the files must be exported

To export the file we need to go to postman then click on three dots  select export
then select recomendeed versio then select export and save it in drive..

So this collection we will try to execute with cmd prom

How to run the collectio in cmd prom?
Approch1:
Run the collection in commond prom...
Go to cmd
newman run collectionname.json

So when we run it it is command line report we want to see in html report?
 
Give same comand with 
newman run collectionname.json -r html


Approch2:(eun collection remotly using url)
With above approch we can only run the collection but with this approch we will generate the URl and other can also run the collection
    how to create URL  

Click on the three dots
Then Click on share button
click on JSON link and click on update link
It is a URL of collection we can execute

Now go to CMD and execute it
newman run (paste the url.json) -r html 
Excute it go back to folder and execute it...

How to run the Collection in JENKINS??

Note
If U r starting jenkins and if it is of different version
Java -jar jenkins.war --enable-future-java
 
After Configuration with jenkins we need to create New item
->Enter Item Name->Select free style project
Then Configuration do
--->In build select Execute window barch command(If working with 
other operation system then choose Execute Sheel).
--->Then Execute batch command provide  the commad which we
       provide in command prom
       newman run NewManCollection.postman_collection.json -r html
    
      Now click on save and RUN by using build now.  
--->In this the html report will be present in there Autogenerated workSpace..


The above way we seen the jenkins is executing with system configuration
But how to execute using GIT HUB....




How to execute the the FILE using GITHUB???
Push the collection in GITHUB
-->Login  to GITHUb
->Create new Empty repositary
->Provide repositary name
->Copy URL of repositary

How to create local repositary?
Install Git in your system
Go to collection where we have imported
->Right click then click on Git cmd prom we will get Git cmd prom..
 ->To create local repositary we will write   ->>git init
   Now to connect local repositary with git repositary we will have thr
   URL below Git repositary url
    git remote add origins https://github.........____
-->Check the status of your file by providing git status
       (if it provides untracked file means it is not commited)

->Add to  index or staging area
  








