Planit commneces operations in Australia in the year of 1997
Headquater is in Sydney Australia
Mike Weale is the Ceo of Company Planit
Charis Carter is Owner
pRTNER OF this company is AWS,IBM,MicroFocus etc

Multiple training patners like ASTQB,glssPager GO1;

Manageral Interview questions:
Manageral Interview question?

Why you want to change the current Comapny?
I really want to learn the new domain new technologies which I am not getting to my cuurent comany,
so to Upgrade my skills and grow more I want to switch the company..

Why you want to join our company?
I realy want to join your company beacuse the kind of product you have
and also the the business you have that really exites me
like you have multiple training patners like ASTQB,glassPage GO1.
and multiple patners like AWS,IMB,MicroFocus etc... 

What is your salary expectation In our company..?
I want --- LPA aloong with that if I will get Some medical
expences then it will be good for me..

Are you ready to work with Odd Days?
Yes I am ready to work in the odd days it will be like a fun if we will work together and any release and 
after the work done in given commitment we will feel good..


How to Handle pressure?
When ever there will be relese pressure will be there and IT jobs are full of chalenges so one time such 
thing happend that we need to deploy the product Devloper not relesed the built on time so for that it must
be delivered on monday so I with my team worked full weakend and deploy the build..


What is your Strength and weakness?
Strength:
I am quick learner.
I do not need any spoonfeeding,I want to be productive as soon as possible

Weakness:
I am very focused on work so I do  not give time to myself
I trust peopel very easily but I am improving my self..

How long would you be with us?
If I see good person and my personal growth like new technology,professional growth as well
as finantial growth and surly I will contrivute to company so if it is there I will alweys with  the company

Do you consider yourself as a Team Playeer and Contributer?
Ya it really exites me if we work with team ,because with team we will get different thinking skills in I never hasitate to
ask any dought with m senior or juniors..


Are you over qualified for this JOB?
No I do not think so,beacuse there is no end of learning beacuse I seen your Interview there were some question
which was very good so ......


How you are diffetren from others?
I am here beacuse of my tecnical skills  that is why here in front of you and every other candidates will have its own strength
and waeakness so I do not want to judge them...
As my profile is matching with your reqirement so according to my experience I  can give lot to company
so I am not pointhing here any one because every one is good so you will pick the best one..












